It was a random monday morning...Alesha had just left from her first period, the computer science class aka room 3217. 
When she arrived to her last class of the day (the only other class where she needs her chromebook), she realized she had forgotten her chromebook back in room 3217. Which was weird because she didn't remember taking her chromebook out of her bag. She was panicking, not because she forgot her chromebook but because her favorite totally spies sticker was on it
She decided to just get it later as she was aware there might be a class going on in room 3217
After the last class, she walked over to room 3217, and was relieved that the room was still open as she needed her chromebook to study for a test that evening.
The janitor had also just left after cleaning, the teacher and 2 other students(from her morning class) were still there. 
She went in and asked everyone if they had seen her chromebook anywhere, to which their responses were:

Student 1: "Idk bro I just got here"
Student 2: "I've been here since the morning to help out the teacher with some classroom arrangements, but haven't seen it"
Teacher: "I was here all day but havent seen it either, are you sure it's not in your bag?"

On her way out, she saw the janitor and asked him if he had seen her chromebook
Janitor: "I did see a chromebook on one of the tables while i was cleaning, but it disappeared before I could get to that table. eh... someone probably took it while i wasnt looking"

she approached the guidance secretary and librarian to see if her chromebook was in the lost and found
Secretary: "Sorry hun, there's no chromebook here, I'll let you know if I see it"
Librarian: "You're chromebook isnt here dear, apologies, have you checked in with your teacher to see if she might have kept it in a safe place?"
              Alesha: "No, she hasn't seen it either"

Then she left, went home and contacted you, the infamous school detective *insert cool detective music*
You note down all the info she gave you and the amazing spy, Khadijah and start your investigation...